docs: add note about local registry k8s change (#1965)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/networking/local-registry.md

4. If the profile does not already have a storage layer, click **Add New Pack** to add a storage pack. You can choose any storage pack for your storage layer. 

5. Select the Kubernetes layer of the profile. Under `cluster.config.kube-apiserver-arg`, remove `AlwaysPullImages` from the list item `enable-admission-plugins`:

  ```yaml {7}
  kube-apiserver-arg:
    - anonymous-auth=true
    - profiling=false
    - disable-admission-plugins=AlwaysAdmit
    - default-not-ready-toleration-seconds=60
    - default-unreachable-toleration-seconds=60
    - enable-admission-plugins=NamespaceLifecycle,ServiceAccount,NodeRestriction
  ```

6. Click **Add New Pack** and search for the **Harbor Edge Native Config** pack. Add the pack to your cluster profile. For more information about the pack and its parameters, refer to [Harbor Edge Native Config pack documentation](../../../integrations/harbor-edge.md).

7. In the `harbor-config.storage` parameter, make sure you allocate enough storage in the `registry` field to store all your images.

8. Click **Save Changes**.

> 9. Deploy a new Edge cluster with your updated profile. Or if you have an active cluster, update the cluster to use the new version of the cluster profile. The initial download of the images still requires a connection to the external network, but subsequent images pulls will be from the local harbor registry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Deploy a new Edge cluster with your updated profile. Or if you have an active cluster, update the cluster to use the new version of the cluster profile. The initial download of the images will require a connection to the external network, but subsequent images pulled will be from the local harbor registry. 
```
